ambush

ilyis, ran and kurd standing outside the "herberg" suddenly 2 arrows come flying in.  one deflected by ilyis' insane reactions, but the other hitting kurd in his arm gun, creating a small explosion of the energy-mana residing in the blaster mixing with the mana infused from the arrow. 

it was a calculated attack illyis immediately realised, and so did ran. he already was blowing hearles tones on his flute, conjuring his small sense ladybugs and the bulkier shield beetles. as the bugs were spreading and kurd crouching cursing with not much of an arm left, a new arrow came in stricking the ground on their right, exploding in flames and spreading a smokecloud in which movement was visible and magic was felt. Their momentary focus on the new source of danger left them open for a sudden approach from their left. hidden in the side of the building a figure dashed out, deamion with his sword already sommuned to avoid mana detection, swinging out to the most dangerous and most deserving member of his wrath, illyis. the block of the heavy sword came just in time, but the unexpected angle and the heavines of the blow left him no way to prepare for the follow up kick. after illyis stoped the momentum of the sword deamion landed a fire ladden kick in his ribs, not aimed for inflicting heavy damage but pushing him out on the road. He knew deamions mana fire was not great at inflincting burns. the real aim of the kick was to upstart momentum for his sword again, now swining in the oposite directiom piercing kurd in his chest, and throwing him into the "herberg" wall. 

in this split second of events ran had hardly any time to react let alone think. as he realised it was a feint on their right he swapped his flute to its dagger stance and dashed forward to make use of the opening of deamions attack on kurd. but yet another suprise struck, a large fire wall emmited forming a line from the herberg to the water mill on the other side of the road, seperating ran on the other side of deamion illyis and the now probably dead kurd. ran cursed, they had been too careless their retreat, and were not expecting such a calculated attack. the next arrow came flying in, blocked by a shielding beetle but he jumped back behind what little cover the herberg had to obstruct the view of his attacker. this last arrow had considerably less power. it was probably the work of sver, ran now realised. but where did the flames come from? going through magical flames is unwise if you do not know their source. and his job was to find out where and how many their attackers were. illyis had to deal with deamion by himself, but ran was not worried. he knew the skill gab between the two.. although it was the first time he saw deamion with such a large sword.

ilyis quickely assesed the situation as well and swifetly approached deamion as soon as he got his breath back. focussing on their shared distance, ignoring the sudden flame wall, that he (instictively?) knew was meant to throw him off. he well knew deamion incorporates prawls in his fighting style as he prepared his counterattacking mentality. Deamion indeed turned around and jumped at him, from a seeminly too far away distance. mid jump he sommuned his sword back to his hands, planted it in the floor and used it as a pole to pull himself forwards, turning his flame claw approach to a sweeping kick. illyis was prepared, he ducked underneath the deamions swing kick and counter attacked his landing position with his mana sharpened sword, aimed at cutting straight through the large sword. shockingly the sword was not cut and bloacked illyis' attack, his thoughts racing about how this was possible. deamions body was occluded for a moment behind the huge sword as he landed during the failed counter attack, and from this blind spot he suddenly appeared somersaulting overhead with a heelkick charged up with flames descending on the still bewildered ilyis. deamions grind revealed that this whole sequence was part of his plan.

 what wasnt part of the plan was the incredible reaction speed of ilyis, with which he switched stances and managed to block the incomming heel with his hilt. the blade would never had made it in time but instead rotaing the blade down and hilt up left at least a form of defense between ilyis' head and the kick, snapping his sword in half when it took the blow. the kick was aimed to be a deathblow, packed with much more fire magic than before passing by the improvised block and raining down over ilyis' head. ignoring the burning pain and momentary blindness of being surrounded by fire, the counter comabatand took advantage of the moment, where luckely his blade snapped such that unlike the the lower half driven stuck in the ground the half in his hand was as ready as ever for a quick slash upward. infused with his sharpening magic extending the range of his slash to the point he drove a deep crest into the chest and shoulder of his attacker. deamion fell backwards from the blow, and as ilyis was putting out the fire on his head he re-evaluated the situation. the counter slash was deep and he was bleeding a lot.. a split second later he dashed away and dismissed his weapon indicating his decision of retreat.
 
the fire wall was only momentarely and was already dying down. ran saw deamion dash away and followed pursuit, moment later joined by ilyis. ran shouted to him that his sense bugs tracked multiple sources of magic around, but that it was likely illusionary heat magic, much like the initial exploding arrow diversion. this would likely mean a party of three attackers. a pair of arrows came flying in directed at ran. ilyis dived at them and slash them away, but it halted his approach for the time being. they both well-knew their part in such situations. accordingly ran conjured tracking beetles, and threw them at deamion, as another fire wall emerged between them. 2 of the 3 beetles survived the early flames and latch onto deamion. ran was halted in his pursuit as the flame wall rised over him. he nodded at a panting ilyis; "i got him".

sver ran to deamion as he reached the tree covers, and picked him up. deamion was bleeding heavily and out of breath. hala preformed a spell warping her ilusionary flames spread around the herberg to their escape route. after 5 min of quick retreat and making sure they were not followed, they got to their wagon. sver put deamion down in the back and went to the front to (drive?, lol) the horses. he cursed, they underestimated the skills of ilyis again. he was to have been slain by their plan, leaving only Ran to be dealt with by the three of them. but the motherfucker managed to turn the situation around and now they were on the back foot, with hala almost out of mana, and sver was cocky but not so delusional to think that he could beat both ran and ilyis at the same time. he wont make that mistake twice..

ran and ilyis turned around, the later arguing to the former that they have to still convey the information of their job. ran jokes that ilyis just wants his reward in response, but conjures up giant centipedes (2 meters long, almost half a meter high) and sends them after their attackers in their stead. even if deamion, sver and their newfound mage friend survive the mob of centipedes they will not pose any threat at their journey back anymore. they walk back to the herberg to pay for the damages and for the burial of kurd, as according to their oragisations rules, and readied themselves to finish their journey.


