500 years ago the planed exploded and a small dark ball formed in the middle, with such a large gravitational froce that it kept the shards of earth in orbit. We live on the largest piece which has only 1/100 of the surface of the pre-destruction earth (name this still). you can see the smaller shards still as the floating islands sometimes passing by in the sky. Although the entire society collapsed, civilasation was relatively quickly rebuild -in around 200 years- relying on what was left of the previous world. these first 200 years were marked by large wars on both continents, eventhough the continents mostly kept to themselves, unlike today. Many creatures, societies and beauties of the previous world were lost. There used to be different kinds of races of humans even, with different color skin than us. Some dark skinned survived on this shard, but they were so little that over time their genes thinned out, and now their race is considered extinct. You can still see a darker tone in the people of the other continent, if you were ever to encouter them -and live. Sadly the continental war has been going on for 75 years now and the animosity between the two sides are getting worse and worse. 

The tales of the world before were lost, and history was remade from the explosion. in the first 200 years especially the constant wars set up for many heroes to emerge, with the epicness of their tales often meassured in the blood of their enemies. in the 100 years afterwards where the wars settled and the focus of all of society was on rebuilding, some heroes also emerged with epic tales of furthering that process. take for example Bothad Burn, who -allegedly- smithed huge iron chains of 2 meter in diameter, and attached them to a floating earth shard above (a land in the second continent), filled with mana crystals.  As the shard floated on the chains pulled it to crash down in the lands, forming the ... mountains and providing the largest crystal (salt) source being mined even until today. 

the 150 years afterwards marked a time of peace and steady progress

deamion (10 years): whow, bothad is so cool! whats your favorite hero?

sver (11 years): epilliz the assasin, in the peak of warring times he flipped a coin, each side representing a faction of the two largest warring factions. In 1 month he then killed all the major leaders of the faction who lost the coin flip, leading to the onset of the peaceful times. 

hana (11 years): nameless woman, who according to legend closed off the oceans (waterbodies) with large glaciers When all water had fallen off the shard, or drained by the sky. Then made a deal with the dragons to give a supply of water enough for the oceans. Some say the water even originated from the dragons tears.


"deamion still liked how the flames caused enlongated shadows.."

(mogatu and jay blew up the previous world, yama has a soul shard of mogatu sealed still in his deck, mogatu awoke in the year 420 after explosion, lol) 


Map:

There are now estimated to be between 40 million and 60 million people. 

the glaciers above north elen housed the ... tribe that were driven back through the wars. after elen was formed by epilliz they came back down, and formed high elen. the efficiency of their culture made them strong, and soon high eden took a leading position in the northern part of elen. They grouped together and declared independence, which the southern part could not contest. They did not conquer South Elen however, as high Elen decided that their countries would florish better by decentralised power in 2 smaller lands. Thus North Elen and South Elen were formed. 

Through monetary systems and hired assasins from koroko (the swamps bordering them), and while South Elen was lazy for easy prosperity, North Elen infiltrated South Elen enough to make sure a healthy government stood. There have been a couple of cases where nut-jobs came into positions of power, where after a few bad publicity stunts they would dissapear.. Either send away to the front lines, fired or assasinated. Aside of the occasional correction by North Elen's aristocracy, South Elen is lead by an elected council, who in turn appoint regional councils. The voting processes are not always fair but an atempt is made, and north elen's assasins make sure noones is blatantly making use of the flaws of the system. As such popularism, skill and luck also became a factor in being elected. Artists, Mages, Great Warriors, but also a farmer and his cow voted in by a joke gotten out of hand. They are assisted by a team of planners, ofcourse many of North Elens learning facilities. 

Later will be revealed that the glaciers contain the impatience and bestial rages of the high elen people, and these took demonic forms.

The glaciers feed a stream of cold water through a river to the great waterplane. The cold water creates a current, driving shore currents to the oposite side. Unique reefs on the other side gather salt as on of the only places in the world. The salt levels are very low, the water is drinkable. In the middel of the waterplane many islands lay and a complex reef system makes weird currents. A small active vulcano warms up the water, active in shadow time when the light shines on the bottom of the shard. Pirates live there, and they are used as slave routes. Honest traders usually take the coastal road back, eventhough it is against the current, unless they have strong body guards.

The vampire mountains of the top side of the map contain so many because they used to be part of the twilight zone in the Whole (the planet before explosion). They usually stay asleep until nearby nearby movement wakes them up, which causes their neighbours to wake up as well, causing flocks of vamprires attacking travelers and ships. The water runs through large parts of the rocky hills. its said that only the koroks know of safe land passage through. 


in south west of the shard lies a desert land. rain falls before the mountain range on the east (botom of south elen), the coast lines to the north east are riddled with rocky hills and salt basins which dont allow for green lands near the water plane. Wood was chopped early on irrisponsably also for salt winnings. The regions fought a lot, cause by religious practises, scarsity of water and food, dominant warleaders fighting over oasis and pillaging nomadic groups. The culture could not develop out of these bad habits. Death became so common to their world that necromatic magic affinity appeared among its people. In the north of the land lays a below the korok swamp which exist almost out of forest only and used to supply the land, but since the last 60 years control was lost since a curse took loose and currupted its inhabitants. The currupted inhabitants beat of any attempt at retaking. The cursed stay in the woods but the rocky savannas serving as coast land is controlled as outpost by ...

north of them the invested woods on the outerside and close to the waterplane the warring fields. North to that lay the koroko swamp lands.


there is another shard with civilisation on it that passes once in a hundred years. as far as we know we are the largest shard.

