Arrival in the forrest

it seems the giant centipedes gave up chasing them, as soon as they entered the forrest.

deamion's bleeding is getting heavier
Hala has not said a word staring straigtforward the whole time. sver tries to sit next to her, she breaks down. The woods are eariely void of sound and life, at some point they see wooden statues, almost sculpted but the lack of cuts reveals their magical nature. 

... describe the dark themed statues here, related to family lonelyness and betrayal. bit of sad hope in them as well.

they finally arrive at an open space, a place fit for camping. they set up shop, deamion sickely sleeping. sver taking care of Hala, making the promise of taking care of her, and that she does not has to continue on their journey.

in the morning they find deamion sleeping in the folded hands of a naturing crying mother figure, fully healed. they wake him up slowely and eat breakfast together. after expressing eery bewilderment at the statues and their healing effect on deamion that night (hala senses no healing magic) it is akwardly quiet. 

sver breaks the news, that he and hala will take a temporary detour. deamion gets mad, shouting about how they are close, only killed one of the group and that the most important, the killer of (helena?) still lives. he knew it would happen and blames sver for forgetting his love so easily and worse breaking his pact.


deamion: what does a 16 year old know about love and saving lives. 
sver: what does a 15 year old know about revenge
deamion: we were trained for war...
sver: we were birthed by love.. Dont worry i will be there for our revenge, i have not forgotten. Trust me, i will be there when it matters.
Deamion scuffs and turns around not knowing what to do with the chaos of his emotions, his hatred for his only friend. Betrayed by a girl that he thought was his new friend.
sver shrugs and leaves. They take the wagon, but leave enough supplies for deamion. 

when deamion leaves the woods, onto the farmlands towards ... his next destination. He will drag them out of the headquarters if need be. angerily he strolls through the worked grounds passing windmills and what seems to be apple trees.

he notices a trio of figures waiting on the road. Once he is close enough to recognise them he realises they were waiting on him. Fucking plant mummy guy, and bug guy have teamed up! i dont know the third, bulked up with a weird helmet.. he does not seem very agile.. is it a mage? 
he curses sver again.. it matters now! the anger of being left alone fuels his courage for this hopeless situation. I need to make a run for it...

deamion slashes the ground to send up a dust cloud, then in the obscurity throws his sword diagonally away from his attackers. he himself dashes diagonally the other way, low to the ground to keep a similar silluette as his large sword. a small distraction but each frame of confusion or doubt helps in these situations, as he has learned. aconite takes the bait and summons a viney bush in front of the sword to obstruct its way. Ran is more aware and quickly summons two giant centipedes from in deamions path. too quickly, the situation was a set-up, they knew he wouldve headed this way. deamion summoned his sword and used it as a jumping pole over the centipedes but where he landed a plant grew quickly to a massive size and bloomed revealing aconite in it. in a immediate flowing motion he used his growth magic to animate his vine like golemn around him. deamion was surrounded. aconite unrooted an apple tree next to him ready to use it as a club. 







