Leon and Jay have a seance meeting
jay immediately sighs: so hes dead.. too bad. As small change of plans will have to do..
Leon with a feeling he knew who jay meant: "you mean orchicluxius? yes.. how do you know?"
Jay giggled.
jay: the money.. 
Leon interups: yeah its enough i can show you
jay: dont worry i know
Jay tells him where to send it and to keep a share of the money on him. Itll be useful for the second task.
 leon: right.. immediatly down to buisiness right
 jay: ofcourse! enjoying your freedom beats talking about cows and salvs to me right? And besides that, i have no questions for you"
Leon places the feeling: "first soul magic and now mind reading, shit.." :/
jay: "I am like a godlike being if you will.., but i cant read everything" 
jay: ofcourse i wont tell you what ^.^
leon grunts
jay: so, improving high elens societal rule book (better name) it is!
leon: what? how?
jay smiles kindly
jay: we start by having you at the right place and at the right time
jay: which is in 8 days at glaciers alley
jay: but first we need to get you a weapon
Jay which is in 5 days in (city near high elen)
Leon: but we still need to sell..
jay: thies can do that 
Jay let him send it to (....)
Leon: but why give me a weapon. Its in our contract that i would not have to kill!
jay: humans.
Leon: what?
Jay: you wouldnt have to kill humans, no one ever said anything about demons :)


Leon meets 2 guys at the smithy. one will make the weapon, the other brought the items. He had to, due to his contract with jay. Also the smith has a contract with jay. leon asks how many there are. they dont know, they one has met 2 others the smither 16 (exclusding this meeting). they share stories. the first one got the ingriedients from the vampire mountains. He tells them an adventure. The smith tells them how he has had to make weapons for the other contractees, he tells them some of their adventures. "and so they take my humble serving as a reasting place to talk about their adventures" "just like we are doing now!" "yes" he smiles. "and now only our receiver is left, what are your stories" "just one, but i made the deal to finish only 3 tasks" and he tells them about his adventure. they listen and really like it. they drink and by the time leon is finished it is late and they are drunk. 


