Hey Martin,
--
"But then it's not for others, because humility should come from the first person perspective."
Hahaha, exactly - i did not think about it like this before, but i wholeheartedly agree!
--"What's your question about how "class and instance properties" relate to the quantifiers? This sounds interesting."  

I do not really have a question, moreso an intuition that i am trying to ground by finding it in existing research..Maybe discussing a short example would help more:
If A is a subclass of B then 
 forall x: member_A(x) -> member_B(x)

But we could also choose to model this information as: 
if we have the whole (all members) of A then we would also have the whole (all members) of B
 exists x: all_members_A(x) -> all_members _B(x)

The x in member_A(x) does not have to exist, but if it does, x is also a member of B.The x in all_members_A(x) and all_members_B has to exist whether it contains instances or not.

It feels to me the first interpretation is treating "member_A(..)" as a class property (conceptual generality ?) of an instance, whereas the second one is taking "all_members_A(..)" as an instance (objectual generality ?) of a class. 
--
Very short motivation / summary about my work (for context):

If you define a class at face value (thus not by its instances, e.g. defining classes for programming languages), we can assign it a possibly (countable) infinite instances. If we want to store information as a statement, phi, about all possibly infinite instances belonging to a class, C, we would say: forall x ( C(x) -> phi(x) ). Likewise we have: exists x ( C(x) -> phi(x) ), whenever we would like to make a statement about a single instance from C. 

Storing this information becomes non-trivial in model checking when the x's are from an infinite domain.

 In decision diagrams, possible states are represented by paths containing variables, we can abstract/quantify over both paths (which is more common, yet also not trivial when dealing with infinities) and variables (which, to my knowledge, is not defined for decision diagrams). In my finished master thesis, i found inference rules such that we can describe countable and uncountable sets of states as finite paths for a decision diagram based model checker, which leads me to exploring the possible semantics/logics i can model using this extension. 

One of the consequences is that we can now quantify in different ways over classes with potentially infinite members, e.g. when having an (incomplete) information system in which we can add new variables representing agents: 

- for all agents (including unknown agents that can be added in the future), phi holds. 
- there exists a single unknown agent for which phi holds.
- etc

At first glance your talk seemed to potentially treat the difference between quantifying over paths or variables, but at second glance it did not - although i will have to think about this when i have more time to finalize my judgement.
--"you're welcome to send your essay, but I won't promise anything :) "
Thanks, if i can shorten it and relate it well to the objectual and conceptual generalities i will send it your way. I am very busy these days, so it might take a while :)

Kindness,daniel


On Sun, May 22, 2022 at 11:33 AM Martin Pleitz <martinpleitz@web.de> wrote:
Hi Daniel, you're welcome to send your essay, but I won't promise anything :)  What's your question about how "class and instance properties" relate to the quantifiers? This sounds interesting.  Aha, I think I get the humble anarchy. But then it's not for others, because humility should come from the first person perspective. Best, Martin  Gesendet: Sonntag, 22. Mai 2022 um 08:23 Uhr
Von: "daniel Miedema" <daniel2miedema@gmail.com>
An: "Martin Pleitz" <martinpleitz@web.de>
Betreff: Re: Logic4peace presentation follow upHello Martin, Thank you very much, reading the slides was fun and interesting.  Even though i did not find the hoped explanation for "class and instance properties' relation to quantifiers" in your slides, currently i have written a small essay about how to interpret infinities in different contexts and the conceptual and objectual generalities / contexts are a perfect match for the example i give in my small essay. If you want i can send you a revised version in about 1-2 weeks, as i am waiting on a reply of my supervisors on it and afterwards i could add how i think my example relates to the conceptual and objectual generalities. Lowercase: Hahah, you are the first to ask. I consider decapitalising my first name a little piece of humble anarchy that i just started doing one day and could not stop. You can use capital or lowercase letters, whatever you like :) Cheerful regards,daniel Miedema  On Sat, May 21, 2022 at 6:37 PM Martin Pleitz <martinpleitz@web.de> wrote:Hello daniel (if I may), first of all, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long! I was hoping to find the time to go over slides I wasn't entirely happy with when I gave the talk ("Deduction" and "Semantics"), but that seems to be a recipe for indefinite extensibility ...  So here are the slides just as I used them at the logic4peace zoom. Glad about your interest – all comments welcome!  If I may, I'm curious about the lowercase style you use for your name (and apparently also for the 1st person singular indexical) – what's this all about? :) Best regards,Martin   Gesendet: Samstag, 07. Mai 2022 um 14:02 Uhr
Von: "daniel Miedema" <daniel2miedema@gmail.com>
An: martinpleitz@web.de
Betreff: Logic4peace presentation follow upHello Martin Pleitz, I was really interested in the topic you presented on at the conference logic4peace, as i am looking to investigate class and instance properties' relation to universal and existential abstraction in decision diagrams (from a logic perspective / formalism). You mentioned some interesting properties, but of course it went a bit too quick to completely digest, so i was wondering whether you could send me your presentation slides. I think i can manage to connect the dots from there :) Thanks again for the good talk,Best wishes,daniel Miedema
